10_PRINT_121114.pdf:	form. As soon as possible I replaced the imaginary computer,
60640296.pdf:	         munication or, social imaginaries of the wireless commons.
Andrea_Fumagalli_-_Twenty_Theses_on_Contemporary_Capitalism_Cognitive_Biocapitalism.pdf:	 the imaginary
Andrea_Fumagalli_-_Twenty_Theses_on_Contemporary_Capitalism_Cognitive_Biocapitalism.pdf:	 an imaginary
Aronczyk_and_Craig_-_2012_-_Introduction_Cultures_of_circulation.pdf:	 social imaginaries
Aronczyk_and_Craig_-_2012_-_Introduction_Cultures_of_circulation.pdf:	 social imaginaries
badiou_canguilhem_1998.pdf:	 The imaginary (/ictive)construction of a possible
badiou_century_2003.pdf:	by Lacan, the Ego is an imaginary instance, and the
badiou_century_2003.pdf:	terms, equality is the imaginary (since it cannot come
badiou_century_2003.pdf:	science of race is purely imaginary. It will be noted
badiou_century_2003.pdf:	is purely imaginary. It will be noted that an imaginary
badiou_interview_2003.pdf:	to the domain of the imaginary, to         the century
badiou_interview_2003.pdf:	in terms of the logic of imaginary           tion
barry_born_2010.pdf:	continuing importance in the political imaginary of British
barry_born_2010.pdf:	science. In this political imaginary, as Snow’s essay
Bellacasa_2009.pdf:	Though here I will focus on imaginaries of enhancing everyday
Bellacasa_2009.pdf:	manipulation, cultural imaginaries of affection, augmented or
Bellacasa_2009.pdf:	works with the powerful imaginary of touch and its compelling
Bellacasa_2009.pdf:	easier and dress up my cyborg imaginary of flesh wired to a
bell-fraser_transnational_2007.pdf:	ated the Westphalian imaginary on a larger
benkler_wealth_2006.pdf:	suggest that the concern is far from imaginary. [pg 148]
benkler_wealth_2006.pdf:	power by media owners is not an imaginary concern.
benkler_wealth_2006.pdf:	medicine is, at this stage, the most imaginary among the
bennett_counting_seeing_2009.pdf:	obtain a belief and an imaginary participation
Berlant_Nearly_2007_Utopian.pdf:	proximate norms of imaginary belonging whose
Berlant_Nearly_2007_Utopian.pdf:	unfamiliar countercultural imaginary enmeshes
Berlant_Nearly_2007_Utopian.pdf:	subjectivity can shrink the imaginary
Berlant_warner_sex_public_1998.pdf:	turate the social imaginary. She shows that
bjos_1275.pdf:	      4          the social imaginary of national solidarity,
bjos_1275.pdf:	3. Social reflexivity and imaginaries of alternative modernities,
bjos_1275.pdf:	the direction of which is set by dominant imaginaries of the
bjos_1275.pdf:	     10        Cosmopolitan imaginaries would seem to offer much
bjos_1275.pdf:	These capital flows may be the source of imaginaries of
bjos_1275.pdf:	countries, the different imaginaries and possible trajec-
Bleeker_WhyThingsMatter.pdf:	How does our imaginary skew when we think about
Bourdieu_forms_capital_1986.pdf:	accurate image of this imaginary universe of
boyle_thepublicdomain1.pdf:	(except for some imaginary original artist, the
boyle_thepublicdomain1.pdf:	    of my imaginary painter? It is actually worse.
boyle_thepublicdomain1.pdf:	otherwise. Like my imaginary painter, they want to
Buchanan.pdf:	real and rating it against some imaginary scale of pure mimesis, it
C3_Quentin_Meillassoux.pdf:	in the following imaginary situation:	 let us decide
caffentzsis_in-letters-of-blood-and-fire.pdf:	the European imaginary by the
caffentzsis_in-letters-of-blood-and-fire.pdf:	of capitalist imaginary that
cassirer_substanceandfunc033163mbp.pdf:	       and imaginary numbers.        The
cassirer_substanceandfunc033163mbp.pdf:	of  the negative  and imaginary numbers.
cassirer_substanceandfunc033163mbp.pdf:	"metaphysics of the imaginary." "Positive
cassirer_substanceandfunc033163mbp.pdf:	the series."  The deduction of imaginary
cassirer_substanceandfunc033163mbp.pdf:	takes account of imaginary and infinitely
cassirer_substanceandfunc033163mbp.pdf:	Projection and the imaginary in geometry.
cassirer_substanceandfunc033163mbp.pdf:	of the imaginary into geometry ultimately
cassirer_substanceandfunc033163mbp.pdf:	to them are to be expressed by imaginary
cassirer_substanceandfunc033163mbp.pdf:	Further, the imaginary intermediate
cassirer_substanceandfunc033163mbp.pdf:	by definition in the imaginary "points"
cassirer_substanceandfunc033163mbp.pdf:	how the paradoxes        of imaginary and
cassirer_substanceandfunc033163mbp.pdf:	time-value into an imaginary numerical
castenda_suchman_robot_2014.pdf:	we escape the reiterative imaginary of the robot
castenda_suchman_robot_2014.pdf:	and those imaginaries in turn sustain a
castenda_suchman_robot_2014.pdf:	gap between the imaginaries that inspire the
castenda_suchman_robot_2014.pdf:	obvious than in the imaginaries that animate the
castenda_suchman_robot_2014.pdf:	more historically specific imaginaries. In con-
castenda_suchman_robot_2014.pdf:	and popular imaginaries. She argues that as an
castenda_suchman_robot_2014.pdf:	that inform contemporary imaginaries, as well as
castenda_suchman_robot_2014.pdf:	our attention to cultural imaginaries and the
castenda_suchman_robot_2014.pdf:	(Haraway, 1989:	 211), and cultural imaginaries,
castenda_suchman_robot_2014.pdf:	inquiry that traces imaginaries is quite
castenda_suchman_robot_2014.pdf:	tural historical imaginaries animate these
castenda_suchman_robot_2014.pdf:	to Western technoscientific imaginaries,
castenda_suchman_robot_2014.pdf:	the material, and animated by imaginaries that
castenda_suchman_robot_2014.pdf:	in order to trace the imaginaries that travel
chakrabarty_anthropocene_2013.pdf:	see how they impact on the global imaginary of
chakrabarty_anthropocene_2013.pdf:	473–93, and “The Fate of the Imaginary in
cheah_cosmopolitan_2006.pdf:	[grandes âmes cosmopolites] who cross the imaginary
chun-editorial-cultural-studies-2000.pdf:	element in the invented imaginary of an
chun-editorial-cultural-studies-2000.pdf:	of the APEC imaginary as an
clough_new_empiricism.pdf:	   the specular imaginary of a society born of a
Derrida_Of_Gramm_1976.pdf:	of his health, for imaginary goods in place of the
Derrida_Of_Gramm_1976.pdf:	of his health, for imaginary goods in place of the
Derrida_Of_Gramm_1976.pdf:	it is a question of the imaginary. The supplement that
Derrida_Of_Gramm_1976.pdf:	the ruin of vitality in terms of imaginary seductions:	
Derrida_Of_Gramm_1976.pdf:	between the real and the imaginary. (Emile, p. 64 [pp.
Derrida_Of_Gramm_1976.pdf:	no mobility and possibility of imaginary variations,
Derrida_Of_Gramm_1976.pdf:	here:	 the work of anthropology realizes the imaginary
Derrida_Of_Gramm_1976.pdf:	prolongs yet further the imaginary discourse of this
deutscher_on_immunity_esposito_2013.pdf:	political realities and imaginaries.6
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	            The Biopolitical Imaginary of
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	The Biopolitical Imaginary
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	         POLITICAL IMAGINARY is an
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	government and rule. A political imaginary of
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	with a biopolitical imaginary governed by
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	understanding the biopolitical imaginary of
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	within the biopolitical imaginary of species-
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	– The Biopolitical Imaginary of
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	in his polemical imaginary of the political
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	materialism in which the political imaginary
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	in a debate about the political imaginary of
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	– The Biopolitical Imaginary of
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	clarify how the political imaginary of
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	– The Biopolitical Imaginary of
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	differentiates the biopolitical imaginary.
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	to the biopolitical imaginary to which we
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	inspiring the biopolitical imaginary’s
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	of the Biopolitical Imaginary of
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	dealing in the biopolitical imaginary of
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	Any account of the biopolitical imaginary of
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	– The Biopolitical Imaginary of
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	Recall that the biopolitical imaginary of
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	to be free by the ontopolitical imaginary of
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	– The Biopolitical Imaginary of
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	– The Biopolitical Imaginary of
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	characterize the biopolitical imaginary of
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	for the biopolitical imaginary of
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	the biopolitical imaginary of species-being
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	of life in the biopolitical imaginary of
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	– The Biopolitical Imaginary of
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	– The Biopolitical Imaginary of
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	– The Biopolitical Imaginary of
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	– The Biopolitical Imaginary of
dillon_et_all_biopolitics_2009.pdf:	– The Biopolitical Imaginary of
Douzinas-humanism-military.pdf:	uman rights is universal but imaginary; universal
emirbayer_relational_1997.pdf:	social life, not some imaginary entities within or
fft-numerical_c12-0.pdf:	be purely real or purely imaginary or it might be even,
fft-numerical_c12-0.pdf:	     h(t) is imaginary               H(−f ) = −[H(f
fft-numerical_c12-0.pdf:	is real and odd            H(f ) is imaginary and odd
fft-numerical_c12-0.pdf:	     h(t) is imaginary and even      H(f ) is imaginary
fft-numerical_c12-0.pdf:	is imaginary and even      H(f ) is imaginary and even
fft-numerical_c12-0.pdf:	     h(t) is imaginary and odd       H(f ) is real and
fish_birds_2011.pdf:	frequently governed by norms and moral imaginaries that are
fish_birds_2011.pdf:	C. (2004) Modern Social Imaginaries, Duke University Press,
Foucault_Michel_Archaeology_of_Knowledge.pdf:	cleanse it of its imaginary
Foucault_Michel_Archaeology_of_Knowledge.pdf:	 of imaginary themes, the
Foucault_Michel_Archaeology_of_Knowledge.pdf:	whether the imaginary world to
Foucault_Michel_Archaeology_of_Knowledge.pdf:	real or imaginary, possible or
Foucault_Michel_Archaeology_of_Knowledge.pdf:	that is more imaginary than
Foucault_Michel_Archaeology_of_Knowledge.pdf:	traditions, an imaginary landscape
Foucault_Michel_Archaeology_of_Knowledge.pdf:	with metaphors or imaginary
Foucault_order_things.pdf:	its upper edge is exactly on an imaginary line running
Foucault_order_things.pdf:	to work in our Western culture, derived its imaginary
Foucault_order_things.pdf:	only on condition that our imaginary nation is wholly
Foucault_order_things.pdf:	immediate visibility; no imaginary shifts either, no
Foucault_order_things.pdf:	chimerical, of the purely imaginary, emerged as the
fraser_transnation_public_2007.pdf:	by a Westphalian political imaginary:	 it has
fraser_transnation_public_2007.pdf:	 ational imaginaries. To be sure, the
fraser_transnation_public_2007.pdf:	which supplies the shared social imaginary
fraser_transnation_public_2007.pdf:	of shared social imaginaries, rooted in
Friedberg-Berlin-2004.pdf:	material practices, the imaginaries that take place
fuller-blip-sample.pdf:	but it does continue. The creation of imaginary book-
Galloway-2004-ch1.pdf:	    TCP creates an imaginary circuit between sender and
Gaonkar-circulation-2003.pdf:	cratic social imaginaries. More speci cally, the
Gaonkar-circulation-2003.pdf:	tural and social imaginaries without relying
Gaonkar-circulation-2003.pdf:	of modern social imaginaries in the West:	 the
Gaonkar-circulation-2003.pdf:	emergence of a national imaginary, or how the
Gaonkar-circulation-2003.pdf:	2002. Modern social imaginaries. Public Culture 14:	
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	Toward New Imaginaries:	
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	T    he idea of a social imaginary as an enabling
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	in his influential book The Imaginary Institution of
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	to the idea of the social imaginary in the late
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	to the idea of the social imaginary for a different
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	after the publication of The Imaginary Insti-
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	has turned to the idea of the social imaginary.
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	turn toward the social imaginary crystallized in the
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	First, social imaginaries are ways of understanding
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	and the like. They are imaginary in a double sense:	
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	is a paradigmatic case of modern social imaginary.
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	lives amid many other social imaginaries, penumbral
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	them. Other modern social imaginaries—such as the
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	or change. Under some conditions, social imaginaries
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	agency of modern social imaginaries comes into being
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	the social imaginary that emerge in this collection
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	with the very idea of social imaginary, it seems
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	force is the social imaginary of the instituting
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	ontology of determinacy, the imaginary dimension is
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	on the other hand, the imaginary is the constitutive
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	ation of the imaginary that we are able to conceive
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	collective—is nothing other than the imaginary of
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	agency of the social imaginary that a society is
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	the hold of the social imaginary. Our response to
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	steered by the social imaginary.
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	in which these social imaginary significations
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	account of the social imaginary as the matrix of
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	order and the social imaginary significations
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	representations and the social imaginary that under-
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	workings of the social imaginary. Hence, one need
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	of heteronomous social imaginaries is made possible
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	the givenness of the social imaginary’s
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	in its globally mediated imaginary are the heirs to
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	workings of the social imaginary’s significations
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	the idea of the social imaginary in his continuing
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	               social imaginary to refer broadly to
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	the folds of a social imaginary, we see ourselves as
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	and exist among other agents. The social imaginary
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	view of the social imaginary as a gener-
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	further distinguish the social imaginary from both
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	entertain and comprehend, the social imaginary “is
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	adherence, the social imaginary can confer
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	the idiom of social imaginary is distinct. It is
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	level.” The social imaginary therefore occupies a
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	approach to the social imaginary — and of
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	among theory, social imaginary, and embodied
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	took hold of the social imaginary of Western people.
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	the modern social imaginary.
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	               social imaginary within which they
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	placed within a social imaginary calibrated by an
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	               alternative social imaginaries.
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	of the modern Western social imaginary    Toward New
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	structure of the modern social imaginaries.
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	of recognition from below and a new imaginary
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	in the folds of new imaginaries, Achille Mbembe
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	               nental imaginary of Africanity that
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	of newly emergent imaginaries that would, among
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	sacrificial violence; an imaginary of religion where
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	and of divine healing; and an imaginary of scarcity
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	like Mbembe, engages an aspect of modern imaginaries
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	within the modern liberal imaginary is beset with
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	dangerous one because a democratic imaginary
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	struggle between two imaginaries, the secular and
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	that the modern Western imaginaries of the public
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	central to the modern imaginary are “fetishized
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	ration of new imaginaries. The key institutional
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	key institutional sites of modern imaginary iden-
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	of approaches to new imaginaries that disclose new
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	trajectories groping toward new imaginaries.
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	Cornelius. 1987. The imaginary institution of
gaonkar_intro_imag_2002.pdf:	and the social instituting imaginary. In The
grant_schelling_2006.pdf:	concerning the purely imaginary status of forces in
hall_post-digital_humanities_2013.pdf:	position of the imaginary” and being
hansen_foucault_media.pdf:	(the body ego or imaginary “mirror-­stage”
hansen_foucault_media.pdf:	see Castoriadis, The Imaginary Institution of Society,
hansen_foucault_media.pdf:	include the psyche, the imaginary, or the unconscious
hemmings_affect_2005.pdf:	    the contemporary affective imaginary of cultural
hemmings_affect_2005.pdf:	poststructuralist critical imaginary has become reduced
IncommunicadoReader.pdf:	discourses in the civic imaginary of the ICT for
IRIE_2009_info_waste.pdf:	meaning, and whose labor as imaginary peo-
kelty_et_al_internet_participation.pdf:	by norms and moral imaginaries that are
kelty_et_al_internet_participation.pdf:	C. (2004) Modern Social Imaginaries, Duke
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	of “modern social imaginaries.”22 I find these
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	test the concept of social imaginary here, but to build
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	   Taylor’s social imaginary is intended to do
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	an analysis of the rise of the modern imaginaries of
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	here as a kind of social imaginary. The primary rea-
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	      The concept of a social imaginary also avoids the
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	Charles Taylor. In Modern Social Imaginaries the con-
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	cept of social imaginary is distinctive in that it
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	modern moral and social order:	 “By social imaginary,
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	      Social imaginaries are an extension of
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	      The social imaginary is not simply the norms that
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	“The” public is a social imaginary, one operative in
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	   of a social imaginary or a “faith” that allows
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	in the manner of a social imaginary than of a theory,
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	that make up a social imaginary, according to Charles
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	a social imaginary shared by many people in loosely
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	   understood as part of this imaginary (in addition to
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	for example, is also based on a shared imaginary of the
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	would prefer a different kind of imaginary altogether—a
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	equally. Even if it remains an imaginary, the allegory of
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	a recursive market) as a social imaginary of moral and
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	    a longstanding social imaginary with roots in liberal
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	    orders—the social imaginaries—of freedom and
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	    part of a social imaginary of a moral and technical
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	    or less abstract social imaginaries through which a
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	of existing practices, guided by imaginaries of moral
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	    bate about social imaginaries begins alternately with
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	or with Cornelius Castoriadis’s The Imaginary Institu-
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	Gaonkar, “Toward New Imaginaries”; Charles Taylor,
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	    5  Taylor, Modern Social Imaginaries, 86.
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	    7  Taylor, Modern Social Imaginaries, 32.
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	    15  Taylor, Modern Social Imaginaries, 23.
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	the concept of social imaginaries in chapter 1. Or, in
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	    Castoriadis, Cornelius. The Imaginary Institution of
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	Dilip. “Toward New Imaginaries:	 An Introduction.”
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	Charles. Modern Social Imaginaries. Durham, N.C.:	 Duke
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	271; Mertonian          328n2. See also Social imaginary
Kelty-TwoBits_2008.pdf:	270, 272, 278–       Social imaginary, 12, 22, 38–43,
Larkin_-_Infrastructures.pdf:	         Century Georgian Imaginaries. Boston, MA:	
lash_power_cultural_2007.pdf:	The real, unlike the symbolic or the imaginary,
lash_power_cultural_2007.pdf:	symbolic with the normalization of the imaginary.
latham_sassens_digital_formations_2005.pdf:	of law, and imaginaries. It is
lee_lipuma_cult_of_circ_2002.pdf:	ation of modern social imaginaries. But our
lee_lipuma_cult_of_circ_2002.pdf:	    The three social imaginaries that Taylor
lee_lipuma_cult_of_circ_2002.pdf:	not only of modern social imaginaries, but
lee_lipuma_cult_of_circ_2002.pdf:	the notion of social imaginaries, as discussed
lee_lipuma_cult_of_circ_2002.pdf:	in the form of social imaginaries. That is,
lee_lipuma_cult_of_circ_2002.pdf:	modern social imaginaries depend on an objec-
lee_lipuma_cult_of_circ_2002.pdf:	the social imaginary of modernity. For reasons
lee_lipuma_cult_of_circ_2002.pdf:	modern social imaginaries—the public sphere
lee_lipuma_cult_of_circ_2002.pdf:	construction of these social imaginaries can be
lee_lipuma_cult_of_circ_2002.pdf:	The social imaginary of the market, on the
lee_lipuma_cult_of_circ_2002.pdf:	collective agency in the social imaginary
lee_lipuma_cult_of_circ_2002.pdf:	               The Imaginary of the Market
lee_lipuma_cult_of_circ_2002.pdf:	Both the imaginaries of the public sphere and
lee_lipuma_cult_of_circ_2002.pdf:	Circulation and the Social Imaginary
lee_lipuma_cult_of_circ_2002.pdf:	The Western imaginaries of the public sphere,
lee_lipuma_cult_of_circ_2002.pdf:	The three social imaginaries of the public
lee_lipuma_cult_of_circ_2002.pdf:	the modern social imaginaries of the nation,
lee_lipuma_cult_of_circ_2002.pdf:	formation of social imaginaries is being
lee_lipuma_cult_of_circ_2002.pdf:	from the perspectives of the imaginaries of the
love_heather_thin_reading2013.pdf:	of thinking, conjuring an imaginary scene of
love_heather_thin_reading2013.pdf:	were observing not imaginary animals but
lury_brand_2009.pdf:	construct for consumers an imaginary lifestyle within which
lury_topology_Theory_Culture_Society-2012-Lury-3-35.pdf:	a national imaginary of
lury_topology_Theory_Culture_Society-2012-Lury-3-35.pdf:	of the imaginary is
lury_topology_Theory_Culture_Society-2012-Lury-3-35.pdf:	the real. The imaginary
lury_topology_Theory_Culture_Society-2012-Lury-3-35.pdf:	a topological imaginary,
lury_topology_Theory_Culture_Society-2012-Lury-3-35.pdf:	 operational imaginary
lury_topology_Theory_Culture_Society-2012-Lury-3-35.pdf:	 the imaginary stems
lury_topology_Theory_Culture_Society-2012-Lury-3-35.pdf:	C. (1997) The Imaginary
lury_topology_Theory_Culture_Society-2012-Lury-3-35.pdf:	the Social Imaginary’,
Manovich_digital_humanities_2012.pdf:	but are themselves imaginary, offered as
manovich_softbook_11_20_2008.pdf:	for DC Comics created by Imaginary Forces
manovich_softbook_11_20_2008.pdf:	“Holes” commercial by Imaginary Forces,
manovich_softbook_11_20_2008.pdf:	Legend of Zorro main title, both by Imaginary
manovich_softbook_11_20_2008.pdf:	assemble elements either over an imaginary flat
manovich_softbook_11_20_2008.pdf:	versus a Lego set.) However, in my imaginary
Marres_and_Weltevrede_-_2013_-_SCRAPING_THE_SOCIAL_Issues_in_live_social_researc.pdf:	 empirical imaginaries
Marres_Topology_April2012.pdf:	approach topology as an imaginary means to adopt a
Marres_Topology_April2012.pdf:	of a topological imaginary of technology and
Marres_Topology_April2012.pdf:	The adoption of a topological imaginary is thus
Marres_Topology_April2012.pdf:	technology. But a topological imaginary is today
marx_Capital-Volume-I.pdf:	gold and silver is imaginary.10 The fact that money
marx_Capital-Volume-I.pdf:	it suitable for money, an imaginary value.‖ Law,
marx_Capital-Volume-I.pdf:	nations give an imaginary value to any single thing...
marx_Capital-Volume-I.pdf:	could this imaginary value have maintained itself?‖
marx_Capital-Volume-I.pdf:	we may use for this purpose imaginary or ideal money.
marx_Capital-Volume-I.pdf:	value in a price or in imaginary money, and that it
marx_Capital-Volume-I.pdf:	it is employed only as imaginary or ideal money. This
marx_Capital-Volume-I.pdf:	the manifold commodities into prices, into imaginary
marx_Capital-Volume-I.pdf:	The price in that case is imaginary, like certain
marx_Capital-Volume-I.pdf:	On the other hand, the imaginary price-form may
marx_Capital-Volume-I.pdf:	transform itself from mere imaginary into real gold,
marx_Capital-Volume-I.pdf:	―Mankind having consented to put an imaginary value
marx_Capital-Volume-I.pdf:	It is an expression as imaginary as the value of the
marx_Capital-Volume-I.pdf:	imaginary as the value of the earth. These imaginary
masssimo_middle_class_2010.pdf:	the pressure is to provide imaginaries of
masssimo_middle_class_2010.pdf:	of limbo; its presence and imaginary is both
Mbembe.pdf:	speci c social and imaginary signi cations.9
Mbembe.pdf:	to take a detour into the European imaginary itself as it relates to
Mbembe.pdf:	ginalized by a European legal imaginary nd a place to reemerge in the
Mbembe.pdf:	the manufacturing of a large reservoir of cultural imaginaries. These
mills_cybernetic_hearing_2011.pdf:	 along imaginary wires from mind through
Mills_Intell_Craft.pdf:	at times they have to be imaginary characters-is one of
mitchell-no-visual-media2005.pdf:	    purely imaginary medium almost as familiar
miyazaki_text-algorhythms-1.pdf:	not the lacanian imaginary, is the real modus
miyazaki_text-algorhythms-1.pdf:	symbolic and imaginary by german media theorists
morley-domestication-technology.pdf:	living rooms, allowing imaginary visits to
myers_Body_&_Society-2012-Myers-151-89.pdf:	contemporary biological imaginaries,
myles_manchester_net_2004.pdf:	in. Other sites are purely imaginary civic spaces,
nettime-local.pdf:	and systematized, the imaginary becomes the mirror
nettime-local.pdf:	another direction:	 let the imaginary move, prevent it from
nettime-local.pdf:	Marx     mous actions (real and imaginary) to one outlaw
nettime-local.pdf:	This is a world that is everyday in its imaginary,
nettime-local.pdf:	the      modernity. And it is an imaginary that is suspect in
nettime-local.pdf:	that is, within the imaginary community of the list-    lists,
nettime-markets.pdf:	together? Does it fit into any real or imaginary network of
nettime-maze.pdf:	speeches as mental images in an imaginary building, images they
nettime-maze.pdf:	cept in our cyberspatial imaginary. Yet, I would claim that the
nettime-maze.pdf:	 occidental imaginary that is projected onto these continents:	
nettime-maze.pdf:	 dental imaginary, which has always been projecting its own
nettime-maze.pdf:	ture is crowded by all kinds of imaginary modifications of
nettime-sound.pdf:	to harness these       social imaginary, they can never hear
OA_Version_Speculative_Turn_9780980668346.pdf:	to the imaginary super-All of
OA_Version_Speculative_Turn_9780980668346.pdf:	symbolic, the imaginary, and the
OA_Version_Speculative_Turn_9780980668346.pdf:	symbolic, the imaginary, and the
OA_Version_Speculative_Turn_9780980668346.pdf:	the real, the imaginary and the
OA_Version_Speculative_Turn_9780980668346.pdf:	character that imaginaries owe
OA_Version_Speculative_Turn_9780980668346.pdf:	to sketch a provisional imaginary
OA_Version_Speculative_Turn_9780980668346.pdf:	symbolic and the imaginary, the
OA_Version_Speculative_Turn_9780980668346.pdf:	to be structured by the imaginary
OA_Version_Speculative_Turn_9780980668346.pdf:	 his imaginary schemata, his
pang_collectivity_china.pdf:	constructed an imaginary space for people
papadopoulos_2007.pdf:	1750, presents fantastic imaginary interiors, visionary
papadopoulos_2007.pdf:	in the social and cultural imaginary and in everyday
papadopoulos_2007.pdf:	and are codified in the cultural imaginary). In the
papadopoulos_2007.pdf:	the smuggler mafia. In the public imaginary of modern sov-
Parisi-Terranova.pdf:	dwells permanently in the imaginary, totally removed from
parks_airport_2007.pdf:	combine with scientific and popular imaginaries
povinelli-2003-circulation.pdf:	cratic social imaginaries. More speci cally, the
povinelli-2003-circulation.pdf:	tural and social imaginaries without relying
povinelli-2003-circulation.pdf:	of modern social imaginaries in the West:	 the
povinelli-2003-circulation.pdf:	emergence of a national imaginary, or how the
povinelli-2003-circulation.pdf:	2002. Modern social imaginaries. Public Culture
priestley_science_operations_2011.pdf:	of negative and imaginary numbers, such as
priestley_science_operations_2011.pdf:	If the operations of this imaginary
priestley_science_operations_2011.pdf:	are performed with imaginary quantities,
priestley_science_operations_2011.pdf:	properties of the imaginary quantities, or
priestley_science_operations_2011.pdf:	symbols for imaginaries were to be
priestley_science_operations_2011.pdf:	including negative and imaginary
priestley_science_operations_2011.pdf:	whether real or imaginary; by the end,
priestley_science_operations_2011.pdf:	conclusions obtained by means of imaginary
RadicalPhil_157.pdf:	for an actual or imaginary English
RadicalPhil_157.pdf:	Badiou stages in his imaginary interlocutions with
RadicalPhil_157.pdf:	have characterized the imaginary     The upshot of this is
RadicalPhil_157.pdf:	replace the social individual by imposing an imaginary
RP_156.pdf:	 The imaginary people
RP_156.pdf:	 the imaginary, but also the radical and simultaneous            as
RP_156.pdf:	constituent act of the real and of the imaginary’.9 If the
RP_156.pdf:	man of the cinema is indeed that imaginary man that
RP_156.pdf:	world of   of forms, appealing to an imaginary discursiveness),
RP_156.pdf:	reproach us with       into the imaginary by ‘metaphor’, but
RP_156.pdf:	imago in the white imaginary that depicted them as        choices. In
schull_digitalpdf_2005.pdf:	widen and glaze over in front of an imaginary screen,
seigworth_everyday_2004.pdf:	without a critical imaginary? One could dilate
shaviro-erotic-machines.pdf:	        as a sort of imaginary identi cation. But
sheller_mobile_publics_2004.pdf:	luxury in the cultural imaginary of new devices
Sheller-mobility-2004.pdf:	mobile luxury in the cultural imaginary of new devices
shildrick_disabled_body_2005.pdf:	the cultural imaginary is highly invested in
shildrick_disabled_body_2005.pdf:	the operation of a cultural imaginary that is
shildrick_disabled_body_2005.pdf:	assault on the cultural imaginary is scarcely
shildrick_disabled_body_2005.pdf:	psyche and the cultural imaginary Á which is
smith_digital_signal_processing_FFT_ch8.pdf:	Re X[ ] , and the imaginary part,
smith_digital_signal_processing_FFT_ch8.pdf:	X [ ] , and the Imaginary part of X
smith_digital_signal_processing_FFT_ch8.pdf:	names real part and imaginary part
smith_digital_signal_processing_FFT_ch8.pdf:	between real and imaginary numbers.
smith_digital_signal_processing_FFT_ch8.pdf:	of real and imaginary parts). For
smith_digital_signal_processing_FFT_ch8.pdf:	The real and imaginary parts are
smith_digital_signal_processing_FFT_ch8.pdf:	the real and imaginary parts are
smith_digital_signal_processing_FFT_ch8.pdf:	hold the real and imaginary parts of
smith_digital_signal_processing_FFT_ch8.pdf:	sign of all the imaginary values.
smith_digital_signal_processing_FFT_ch8.pdf:	] holds the imaginary part of the
smith_digital_signal_processing_FFT_ch8.pdf:	     32. The imaginary part of the
smith_digital_signal_processing_FFT_ch8.pdf:	value of 32. The imaginary part (not
smith_digital_signal_processing_FFT_ch8.pdf:	negation of the imaginary part? This
smith_digital_signal_processing_FFT_ch8.pdf:	points in the imaginary part of the
smith_digital_signal_processing_FFT_ch8.pdf:	] holds the imaginary part of the
smith_digital_signal_processing_FFT_ch8.pdf:	as they are in the imaginary part.  
smith_digital_signal_processing_FFT_ch8.pdf:	at the real and imaginary parts. In
smith_digital_signal_processing_FFT_ch8.pdf:	]      holds the imaginary part
smith_digital_signal_processing_FFT_ch8.pdf:	is zero and the imaginary part is
smith_digital_signal_processing_FFT_ch8.pdf:	the real and imaginary parts after
smith_digital_signal_processing_FFT_ch8.pdf:	the real and imaginary parts are
smith_digital_signal_processing_FFT_ch8.pdf:	to understand, while the imaginary
smith_dsp_ch12.pdf:	are called the real part and the imaginary part, holding
smith_dsp_ch12.pdf:	called the real part and the imaginary part, just as are the
smith_dsp_ch12.pdf:	then set all of the samples in the imaginary part to zero.
smith_dsp_ch12.pdf:	results in a real and an imaginary signal in the frequency
smith_dsp_ch12.pdf:	                    the imaginary part, except the sign is
smith_dsp_ch12.pdf:	the inverse FFT, look at the imaginary part of the time
smith_dsp_ch12.pdf:	the real part and the imaginary part. For example, when we
smith_dsp_ch12.pdf:	to the combination of the real part and the imaginary part.
smith_dsp_ch12.pdf:	] and XI[ ] contain the real and imaginary parts of the time
smith_dsp_ch12.pdf:	numbers, a real part and an imaginary part. The length of the
smith_dsp_ch12.pdf:	'IMX[ ] contain the real and imaginary parts of the input.
smith_dsp_ch12.pdf:	symmetry. When the imaginary part of the time domain signal
smith_dsp_ch12.pdf:	'IMX[ ] contain the real and imaginary parts of the complex
smith_dsp_ch12.pdf:	produce a time domain that has an imaginary part composes
smith_dsp_ch12.pdf:	                  the imaginary part of the time domain being
smith_dsp_ch12.pdf:	These algorithms force the imaginary part of the time
smith_dsp_ch12.pdf:	and all zeros in the imaginary part. Figures (c) and (d) show
smith_dsp_ch12.pdf:	symmetry around sample 0 and sample N/2 , while the imaginary
smith_dsp_ch12.pdf:	'IMX[ ] contain the real and imaginary parts of the frequency
smith_dsp_ch12.pdf:	'Add real and imaginary parts together
smith_dsp_ch12.pdf:	'Add real and imaginary parts together
smith_dsp_ch12.pdf:	12-11, where the pulse is in the imaginary part of the time
smith_dsp_ch12.pdf:	the real part is odd, while the imaginary part is even. This
smith_dsp_ch12.pdf:	signal, while the N/2 odd points go into the imaginary part.
souze-silva_hybrid-space-2006.pdf:	if the game creates an imaginary playful layer
space_and_culture2979.pdf:	the market, the real and imaginary—all are brought
space_and_culture2979.pdf:	representations of an imaginary American urban com-
space_and_culture2979.pdf:	and symbols in the imaginary land of Disney, Main
space_and_culture2979.pdf:	the context in which they take place is an imaginary
space_and_culture2979.pdf:	is presented as imaginary in order to make us believe
staeheli_lists_2013.pdf:	is not regulated by an imaginary discourse and may not
staeheli_lists_2013.pdf:	that beach, of the imaginaries that are linked to these
staeheli_lists_2013.pdf:	beach. Such a list may generate new imaginaries of the
staeheli_lists_2013.pdf:	a symbolic synthesis. The global imaginary of the list
stark_powerpoint_2008.pdf:	the audience to a distant imaginary. Also,
stewart_cultural_poesis.pdf:	           social imaginaries, and talking to
stewart_scenes_of_life.pdf:	affective, material, or imaginary emergence (Feld-
stewart_scenes_of_life.pdf:	and the imaginary. Other shots of the
strathern-1995.pdf:	between the real and the imaginary.          And Disneyland
strathern-1995.pdf:	between the real and imaginary is exposed and thus revealed
Suchman-2005-Affiliative_objects.pdf:	     and imaginaries of PARC researchers.
taylor_democracy_citizen_efficacy.pdf:	introduce is what I call social imaginary.
taylor_democracy_citizen_efficacy.pdf:	to speak of social imaginary here rather
taylor_democracy_citizen_efficacy.pdf:	the two:	 (1) social imaginary is about the
taylor_democracy_citizen_efficacy.pdf:	(2) social imaginary is shared by large
taylor_democracy_citizen_efficacy.pdf:	a small minority; and (3) social imaginary
taylor_democracy_citizen_efficacy.pdf:	    Our social imaginary at any given time
taylor_democracy_citizen_efficacy.pdf:	in Modern Social Imaginaries (Durham,
taylor_democracy_citizen_efficacy.pdf:	of our social imaginary in which we
taylor_democracy_citizen_efficacy.pdf:	such practices and imaginaries. Some of
taylor_democracy_citizen_efficacy.pdf:	 and imaginaries and are often moving to
taylor_democracy_citizen_efficacy.pdf:	of a class imaginary of subordinate
taylor_democracy_citizen_efficacy.pdf:	the republic. The class imaginary of the
taylor_democracy_citizen_efficacy.pdf:	in Modern Social Imaginaries, chaps. 8 and
taylor_democracy_citizen_efficacy.pdf:	think of the social imaginary of a people
taylor_democracy_citizen_efficacy.pdf:	central government. Their social imaginary
taylor_democracy_citizen_efficacy.pdf:	the underlying imaginary evolves?
taylor_democracy_citizen_efficacy.pdf:	identity or social imaginary, this
taylor_democracy_citizen_efficacy.pdf:	people’s identities, social imaginaries,
taylor_democracy_citizen_efficacy.pdf:	               the social imaginary.
taylor_democracy_citizen_efficacy.pdf:	turn for our social imaginary? One impor-
taylor_democracy_citizen_efficacy.pdf:	37. See Taylor, Modern Social Imaginaries.
Terranova._foucault_2009.pdf:	‘works in the imaginary, since the law imagines
Terranova._foucault_2009.pdf:	albeit not of the imaginary kind. This is why the
text-algorhythms.pdf:	not the lacanian imaginary, is the real modus operandi of
text-algorhythms.pdf:	symbolic and imaginary by german media theorists like Georg
Thomson_complexity_review_2004.pdf:	by the idea of the imaginary. The ‘other’
Thrift-electric-animals-2004.pdf:	Theses machines have crossed an imaginary line
Thrift-TechUnconscious-2004.pdf:	configuration of the imaginary, the symbolic and
ulhmann_deleuze_image_2004.pdf:	tbe real and tbe imaginary, tbe signs of tbe
ulhmann_deleuze_image_2004.pdf:	Le Doeuff, Michele. The Philosophical Imaginary.
UNESCO_SOCIAL_SCIENCES_2010.pdf:	ways they construct an imaginary body became the
vanDooren_seeds_diversity_2009.pdf:	nature and the genetic imaginary, in:	 S.
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	show the imaginary as som ething constitutive of,
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	system s. It is this imaginary, celebrated, vener-
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	to understand that both an imaginary and a logic,
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	true know ledge has no imaginary. Modernity circum
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	Modernity circum scribes its imaginary as of
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	that our W estern imaginaries do not have a role in
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	for an imaginary to deal with the Aborigines.
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	knowledges. Doing without imaginaries, denying the
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	our denied imaginaries so we can m ore easily get
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	`a properly philosophical imaginary’ Ð images
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	our regulated island, and keep the imaginary out at
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	cation with their denied imaginary, we know
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	The words of songs which celebrate this imaginary
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	of land into logic and imaginary. It can be
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	My claim is that by restoring imaginaries to
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	calm island, and include our use of imaginaries in
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	derived form . Taking Kant’ s imaginary of an
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	hides the imaginary implicit in representing the
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	working entities by an imaginary:	 a vision of the
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	m oderns have treated imaginaries in the pastÐ
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	as land titles. The imaginaries have enabled the
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	And denying the imaginaries has enabled us to deny
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	   Recognising the imaginary can enable us to begin
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	the denial of the imaginary throug h which space is
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	   Constituting our imaginaries as ontically and
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	point out that imaginaries are not located in
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	not located in minds. The pastoral lease imaginary
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	imm inent imaginaries and only in this indirect way
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	them . If imaginaries are located anyw here, it is
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	of® cial and unof® cialÐ that imaginaries are
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	enacted and enact. The imaginaries imminent in
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	to com mit themselves to an imaginary, at least
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	accepts that it shares imaginaries and articulates
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	Dú uff, The Philosophical Imaginary, The Atholone
verran_re-imagining_1998.pdf:	Dú uff, The Philosophical Imaginary, London:	 The
viveiros_de_castro.pdf:	If real philosophy abounds in imaginary savages, the
viveiros_de_castro.pdf:	anthropology       strives to articulate an imaginary
volkman_chinese_adoption_2004.pdf:	In the North American imaginary, China
Wakeford-internetcafe-2003.pdf:	also embedded in repertoires, both imaginary and
warner_public_counterpublic_2002.pdf:	are essentially imaginary, which is not to
warner_public_counterpublic_2002.pdf:	such publics are imaginary, writing to a
warner_public_counterpublic_2002.pdf:	writing to a public is not imaginary in
warner_public_counterpublic_2002.pdf:	basis. Their imaginary character is never
warner_public_counterpublic_2002.pdf:	are to some extent imaginary — even that
warner_public_counterpublic_2002.pdf:	and its social imaginary has been made
warner_public_counterpublic_2002.pdf:	is in place as a social imaginary, I might
warner_public_counterpublic_2002.pdf:	only when the social imaginary is defined
warner_public_counterpublic_2002.pdf:	ern social imaginary does not make sense
warner_public_counterpublic_2002.pdf:	importance of imaginary identification—
warner_public_counterpublic_2002.pdf:	within the social imaginary of modernity.
warner_public_counterpublic_2002.pdf:	knit up with a social imaginary:	 any
warner_public_counterpublic_2002.pdf:	as the sort of social imaginary in which
warner_public_counterpublic_2002.pdf:	a social imaginary, an extremely
warner_public_counterpublic_2002.pdf:	the social imaginary of the public work. To
warner_public_counterpublic_2002.pdf:	problem with which I began:	 the imaginary
warner_public_counterpublic_2002.pdf:	ests me is the odd social imaginary that is
warner_public_counterpublic_2002.pdf:	in the modern social imaginary might help
warner_public_counterpublic_2002.pdf:	of the social imaginary of publics, as a
warner_public_counterpublic_2002.pdf:	Though essentially imaginary projections
warner_public_counterpublic_2002.pdf:	in the modern social imaginary more than
warner_public_counterpublic_2002.pdf:	act is through its imaginary coupling with
White_ethological_2005.pdf:	this is an imaginary that consists of new
Williams_subjectivity.pdf:	conception of imagination and imaginary. Contra
Williams_subjectivity.pdf:	be precisely obfuscated by our imaginary (mis)recogni-
Williams_subjectivity.pdf:	Conatus, Imagination and Imaginary:	 Constructing an
Williams_subjectivity.pdf:	endlessly for the imaginary objet petit a as the lost
Williams_subjectivity.pdf:	             forms of imaginary life and knowledge,
Williams_subjectivity.pdf:	of the subject’ (via the imaginary figures through
Williams_subjectivity.pdf:	is weighed down by imaginary significations, habits
Williams_subjectivity.pdf:	registers of being (real, symbolic and imaginary).
wilson_antidepress_2006.pdf:	and popular imaginary. However, the pharmacological
